Provide simple integration demonstration (#289)
eclipse-score/communication: examples/README.md

# Examples

This directory contains aliases to example applications demonstrating the S-CORE Communication middleware API.
This directory contains example applications demonstrating the integration of S-CORE Communication middleware API.

> ## Available Examples

Reviewer: To not loose this content, it would make sense to create a README.md file in https://github.com/eclipse-score/communication/tree/e291a1ba502a6f4b4c17c492399a202829fbd348/score/mw/com/example with the content we had here.

> Please note these are the first steps. Are mor elaborated guide will be added in future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note these are the first steps. A more elaborated guide will be added in future.
```
